maybe we'll just play regular TDM
there's a lot more people in there I
will risk running into the parties for
the sake of answering a poll with 3,200
more players it just makes sense just
like scorpions oh look at that Wow I
load it into a game in progress and
mighty the line that I load on is
winning what that don't okay look at
that I load it into a game and then BAM
bullshit oh damn that's the second
person today using a Kimbo scorpions
what is this nonsense well we've got
captain sniper oh I know why that guy
got a surprise bitch all you turn the
wrong way dude you are supposed to pay a
little bit more attention than that nice
sit guy nope nope come on come on come
on you know you want to come around the
corner come on come on come on a
surprise bitch that would be to with oh
yeah you get lots of grenades and shit
with scavenger oh no oh no what was that
a stakeout no no no they took that no
don't take that out run around and look
for people to keep oh shit
captain ghost where'd he go was he even
there at all rampu dramatic music and
such I hope there's not a claymore up
here well oh shit
note a concerns God oh shit there was
chaptered ghost I knew my free throw
around somewhere enemies blind plate in
Coto Oh No instance killing plan oh wow
yeah that's it oh whoa oh wait I got
tagged mask boy oh shit
you saw me look at that jump shot
bra man oh no not killstreaks see I knew
there isn't no wait that one no no don't
quit
shit it's not not good that's good
well so much for instance kill it be
fading soon knowledge is flow knowledge
is akimbo scorpions and shooting people
in the face because that is the way the
game was ment to be played just hipfire
people all day look at that see and this
works even better because I have not
played in like two weeks whenever the
first part of a session is posted that
is when the whole session is recorded
obviously because that is like what a
session is so whatever part one of those
last two sessions were those were
recorded on the same day I think pretty
sure they were that is when the deed was
done ice we should get some enemy napalm
stir old God oh don't get a second
chance that would be bad I hope I don't
get second chance that Howard that what
is there boosting going that said either
grenade issued oh no I wanted that yeah
better you than me oh did he get away I
hope he stuff this shit with that
shotgun uh dan the man obviously he
should have spam more gore You c'n this
if he did that he probably would have
gotten a couple more kills oh boy nope
town when it wasn't so annoying Scout
the talent here let's see if let's see
if this man can do that consistently ooh
1.07 win-loss 1.8 nope no we can't